This directory contains the source for the C-ALPS Yorick plugin, also known by
its plugin name "calps". This provides extensions, coded in C, that make
certain parts of ALPS run faster and expand ALPS's capabilities.

Most users should not need to interact directly with this code, as it is
installed as part of the normal ALPS installation documented at
doc/install-alps.html. If you want to re-install the C-ALPS plugin to get
recent changes, you can either upgrade ALPS as documented in the installation
directions *or* follow the directions below.

IMPORTANT NOTE: This plugin is *incompatible* with the older "rcf" plugin
(found in yorick-extend/rcf) due to them using conflicting versions of the
triangle library. The "rcf" plugin is deprecated and should be uninstalled
prior to installing this plugin.

If you have "rcf" installed, you can uninstall it as follows:
    cd /opt/eaarl/lidar-processing/yorick-extend/rcf
    yorick -batch make.i
    make uninstall

To then install "calps", do as follows:
    cd /opt/eaarl/lidar-processing/yorick-extend/calps
    yorick -batch make.i
    make
    make install

Whenever changes are made to code within this directory, you will need to
re-install the calps plugin to benefit from them. To do so, simply follow the
instructions for installing calps again; the updated version will replace the
old one. (However, you will not need to repeat the "rcf" uninstall.)

The calps plugin is set up to autoload. Certain functions in ALPS have been
modified to look for calps functions and use them, when they are available.
This enhancement is automatic and transparent once the plugin is installed. If
you do not install it, then those functions will use their Yorick implemention.
The only difference you will see is a difference in speed.

However, there are also some functions that are only implemented in calps and
do not have a native Yorick implementation. In particular, triangulation and
gridding both require calps. If you need features provided exclusively by
calps, then you'll have to install it.
